Enrichments: Allow targeting a specific GPU ID (#19342)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/reference.md

  # Optional: Set the model size used for embeddings. (default: shown below)
  # NOTE: small model runs on CPU and large model runs on GPU
  model_size: "small"

>   # Optional: Target a specific device to run the model (default: None)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Optional: Target a specific device to run the model (default: shown below)
```

  blur_confidence_filter: True
  # Optional: Set the model size used face recognition. (default: shown below)
  model_size: small

>   # Optional: Target a specific device to run the model (default: None)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Optional: Target a specific device to run the model (default: shown below)
```
